<p>I lie on my bed, having just woken up. Right above my head outside the open window is a cylindrical, blue streetlamp that mounts on the window’s side. Perched on the apartment’s brick outer face, the lamp always casts the same bold blue rays onto the windowsill and onto the blankets of my bed against the corner. The clock, a green LED display on the adjacent corner, reads 34:01. Beneath that display, I could make out the tiny glowing ALARM: 50:25 text. I look out the window. There are a couple separate buildings across from me – distinguishable by the varying brick saturations. The third-floor apartment gives a view of the other buildings’ roofs. The buildings are no wider than a small office. The street below has dual sidewalks. On my side, an array of buildings and blue window lights barricade the curb. Across the street are a series of Victorian street lamps shining a firelike orange. Between the apartments and offices span guardrails of iron. Beyond the guardrail, a black abyss that matches the sky above. It is a bottomless ravine, a blackness only rivaled by the limitless stretch above. The other side of the abyss appears like a reflection of the scene on my side. One road continues horizontally along the abyss, while others connect it to deeper parts of the building and apartment clusters.</p>
<p>Were it later in the cycle, I could imagine people walking around on the sidewalks. I could see men and women in suits, modest dresses, blank t-shirts and jeans. I could see them scattering about, bobbling around in the dark, busy intersections. I could see cars and trucks driving past with their blue headlights casting enormous shadows over the pedestrians. The streetlamps were bright, but not as bright as a car light. The contrast between the piercing headlights and the darkness all around them never bothered those on foot. I could see myself amongst them, walking to work, abstractedly staring past the blinding lights on my way to my destination. I could also see myself in one of those smaller cars, as usual for my every third cycle.</p>
<p>I could see one young man screaming out to his brother, who had just sprayed him with a cheap plastic squirt gun. I could see the two running through the streets, one chasing the other, with their frustrated old mother rustling after them. The kids’ reflective lime vests moved through the crowd. I could see the street clock the younger child almost crashed into. It read 89:68. I could see a knick-knack salesman with a fold-out table, a little metal frame over the table with a sign and a couple spotlights hung on the top, and various junk on the table below. I could see him haggling various passer-byers as to how “priceless” the unpolished snowglobe he held was. A block away from him, that same clock would read 60:34. On a nearby road I could see a red van nearly collide with a black truck. The truck, after realizing the near-miss, cast a furious horn at the dazed van. Everyone in the area paused and turned their heads before continuing. The clock said 72:03. I could see all these people gone the very next cycle, consumed by the horde of suits, modest dresses, blank t-shirts and jeans. </p>
<p>I look back into my room. The thorough darkness intensified after seeing the world outside, only leaving the clock’s dim glow. 34:01.</p>
<p>After a moment, the darkness recedes enough to see. The first thing I notice is the subtle, dirty gloss of a yellow metallic lamp across the room. I then make out the wooden table it sits on, the soup can pencil holder with three little sticks poking out, the cobwebs between the chair’s back slats. Next the blank cream wallpaper, with its tears at the room’s far top corner revealing the brick wall behind it. Then the plant by the door – a plastic entity masquerading as a living organism. It is as tall as I am. I see the door; I see the peephole in the center used for detecting unusual visitors. Not that it was ever needed. I see the calendar just below, dangling from a single rusted nail in the door. It was blank except for the red X marks over the first four cycles in this month.</p>
<p>I could see myself rising from the bed. I could hear the quiet tapping of socks against the hardwood floor as I walked over to the desk. I could hear the harsh scraping of the chair as I pulled it out and its creaking as I sat down. I could see myself pulling out the diary from the wide middle drawer. The diary I used to keep a millennia ago. I could hear its thunk as the thick empty pages hit the table, the rustling of pages as I found a new spot to write my thoughts, the metallic sliding as I unsheathe a pencil from the cup and brush off the baby spider from its eraser…</p>
<p>…but I couldn’t hear the pencil contact the page.</p>
<p>The clock looked at me. 34:01.</p>
<p>I go back to the windowsill and peer down. There is a solitary soul out there, in front of my apartment. Only the back of his head, the short brown hair and gray suit, are visible. Arms and legs stiff and linear, he stands on the guardrails, and falls into the abyss.</p>
<p>I move back down from the windowsill and go back to sleep.</p>