The high school fed into three primary streets where students would permeate at the end of the cool November day. At the official end, the streets would rapidly intensify its chaos as hundreds of kids dashed out of the building. Then there were some who would be released two hours after. Sports practice, club activities, or otherwise, a fair number of students embraced the late evening hustle hours on the commute home. The commotion continued strong. Dozens of cars sat partially idle on the clogged street, their headlights glaring in impatience. Around them, the windows of the little white houses rapidly flicked on as some returned home from work. The intensity was only matched by that of the evening sun, red and glaring down onto the suburbs.

Amidst the coalescence was Luna. She had a plain white shirt, deep blue skirt, and a satchel at her hip. Out from its top peeked a heavily visited <i>Introduction to Astrophysics</i> textbook, a paperback copy of <i>Planets in Transit,</i> a binder, and a notepad. She walked at a quick, unrhythmical pace down the sidewalk from the school. Her eyes darted all around her – to the alley – to the silver car – to the nearest tree – to the bus stop – to the street sign indicating no U turn – to her watch – and now to each girl who zoomed from behind her.

They remained completely indifferent to the environment around them and to Luna. As if the wind operated them, the five girls hustled down the Madison street sidewalk. They all had crisp, ironed light blue shirts with “Seadale Varsity Soccer” seals embedded into the chest’s top left side. They had knee-length black cargo shorts that resonated an unspoken competency at dominating all the weak other schools. They scurried past the street lamps, trash bins, empty newspaper kiosks, vending machines and failing local businesses, talking loudly and cackling at jokes about their professors and classmates. As they talked, their words merged with the tumult of traffic, machinery, and other pedestrians. As they brushed by her, Luna winced, eyes wide with the distant threat of confrontation.

She watched them jet down the street as though trying to outrun the traffic to their left. Soon they became obscured by the mass of people between them.

A car honked. After fixating on the back of the man’s neck in front of her for around a minute, her head darted to the four-door red Sedan in the middle of the street. She saw an intersection with a green light and a car in front that started moving with a jolt. Maybe it had waited a second too long.

She continued to scurry along, trying to keep her eyes low this time. She knew the sidewalk’s texture well; the way its contraction points allowed enough leeway for little weeds to take root along the wall side, the way the subtle street side bevel made for nice detail and a clear outline for storm drains, the way dark square patches were scattered here or there to correct cracks that had emerged in the past, the way gum could always be found somewhere along the way – but always in a shade of desaturated green or pink…

After a while, the concrete sidewalk began taking in more of her shoes’ unaccompanied knocking as she came closer to home. The street’s population density began to dwindle as the sharp red sun faded to a timid orange and hid behind the weathered brick buildings.

As a kid, her parents told her to make a wish on the first star she saw, that there was a certain magical essence to it. It was a childish thing to believe, Luna knew, but she looked up at the sky anyway. Though largely monochrome, she could see Mars making an appearance. It still wasn’t a star.

The street lamps lit up, one after the other, in a symphony that flowed down the street. She could hear the nearest lamp’s subtle tinking, buzzing, as it warmed up. It was a nice sound. Another car honked in the distance. The smile that had been forming on Luna’s face retreated. A car passed from behind her, and she jumped. Even in the dwindling light, she looked around for anyone who may have seen her panic. Relieved to see nobody nearby, she went on, the strap of her satchel wrinkling under her grip.

After about fifteen minutes of walking on the long road, she turned the corner to see an array of bland grey apartment complexes. Her family’s slice of the world was only a couple blocks away now. They all looked the same in the glittering light: each had the same windows, with the same dark frame, with the same spacing apart. Each room had the same tiny balcony, not quite wide enough for a large person to stand on. Each building had two or three stories, with a chain-link fence at the top to keep daring teenagers from falling.

The sun had vanished beneath the horizon. In time, all that remained of the giant grey boxes were silhouettes. Luna released her grip on the satchel. Her knuckles were white under the moonlight.

As she walked, Luna could hear the steady, low hum of a generator nearby. The wind had died down to a gentle breeze. It rustled around the wooden fence along the sidewalk and through the tree on the other side. She felt it flow through her short brown hair; a reassuring head pat from nature. She could hear the steel peace keychain dancing with the crab memento on her bag’s zippers.

The road was especially quiet. The relatively narrow two-way street carried few travelers now, as the turn-offs to separate parking lots had engulfed most of the street’s cars. The street lamps were dim – just providing enough light to walk safely – but generated mystical, curious shadows from everything. That which was lit created a contrast with the darkness, a sort of outline that challenged the reality she faced so often. In the areas where the apartments sat, she could see a random scattering of orange, square fireflies where the windows once were; some even with human outlines inside. Luna could hear her footsteps slowing down, becoming steadier.

The last vestiges of sunlight were completely extinguished from the horizon as Luna approached the small parking lot to her apartment. The lot had no street lights, something her parents had complained about to the city police department a few weeks ago. It didn’t bother Luna. She drifted through the lot and looked to the sky. The crescent moon lie brilliantly in the heavens above her, surrounded in an incredible star field. Luna considered making a wish but decided against it.

Her wish had already been granted.